update docs to reflect main git enhancements (#4980)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/lint-format.md

### Enable linting

> Linting is available on all branches, including your protected primary git branch. When ready, you can commit those changes to a new branch.

Author: ```suggestion
Linting is available on all branches, including your protected primary git branch. Since the dbt Cloud IDE prevents commits to the protected branch, you can commit those changes to a new branch.
```

> Linting is available on all branches, including your protected primary git branch. Since the dbt Cloud IDE prevents commits to the protected branch, you can commit those changes to a new branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linting is available on all branches, including your protected primary git branch. Since the dbt Cloud IDE prevents commits to the protected branch, it prompts you to commit those changes to a new branch.
```

### Format SQL

To format your SQL code, dbt Cloud integrates with [sqlfmt](http://sqlfmt.com/), which is an uncompromising SQL query formatter that provides one way to format the SQL query and Jinja.

By default, the IDE uses sqlfmt rules to format your code, making the **Format** button available and convenient to use immediately. However, if you have a file named .sqlfluff in the root directory of your dbt project, the IDE will default to SQLFluff rules instead.

> Formatting is available on all branches, including your protected primary git branch. Since the dbt Cloud IDE prevents commits to the protected branch, you can commit those changes to a new branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Formatting is available on all branches, including your protected primary git branch. Since the dbt Cloud IDE prevents commits to the protected branch, it prompts you to commit those changes to a new branch.
```

1. Open a `.sql` file and click on the **Code Quality** tab.
2. Click on the **`</> Config`** button on the right side of the console.
3. In the code quality tool config pop-up, you have the option to select sqlfluff or sqlfmt.
4. To format your code, select the **sqlfmt** radio button. (Use sqlfluff to [lint](#linting) your code).
5. Once you've selected the **sqlfmt** radio button, go to the console section (located below the **File editor**) to select the **Format** button.
6. The **Format** button auto-formats your code in the **File editor**. Once you've auto-formatted, you'll see a message confirming the outcome. 

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/sqlfmt.gif" width="90%" title="Use sqlfmt to format your SQL code."/>

### Format YAML, Markdown, JSON

> To format your YAML, Markdown, or JSON code, dbt Cloud integrates with [Prettier](https://prettier.io/), which is an opinionated code formatter. Formatting is available on all branches, including your protected primary git branch. Since the dbt Cloud IDE prevents commits to the protected branch, you can commit those changes to a new branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To format your YAML, Markdown, or JSON code, dbt Cloud integrates with [Prettier](https://prettier.io/), which is an opinionated code formatter. Formatting is available on all branches, including your protected primary git branch. Since the dbt Cloud IDE prevents commits to the protected branch, it prompts you to commit those changes to a new branch.
```

1. Open a `.yml`, `.md`, or `.json` file.
2. In the console section (located below the **File editor**), select the **Format** button to auto-format your code in the **File editor**. Use the **Code Quality** tab to view code errors. 
3. Once you've auto-formatted, you'll see a message confirming the outcome. 

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/prettier.gif" width="90%" title="Format YAML, Markdown, and JSON files using Prettier."/>

You can add a configuration file to customize formatting rules for YAML, Markdown, or JSON files using Prettier. The IDE looks for the configuration file based on an order of precedence. For example, it first checks for a "prettier" key in your `package.json` file.

For more info on the order of precedence and how to configure files, refer to [Prettier's documentation](https://prettier.io/docs/en/configuration.html). Please note, `.prettierrc.json5`, `.prettierrc.js`, and `.prettierrc.toml` files aren't currently supported.

### Format Python

> To format your Python code, dbt Cloud integrates with [Black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/latest/), which is an uncompromising Python code formatter. Formatting is available on all branches, including your protected primary git branch. Since the dbt Cloud IDE prevents commits to the protected branch, you can commit those changes to a new branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To format your Python code, dbt Cloud integrates with [Black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/latest/), which is an uncompromising Python code formatter. Formatting is available on all branches, including your protected primary git branch. Since the dbt Cloud IDE prevents commits to the protected branch, it prompts you to commit those changes to a new branch.
```
